doc: update versions for 1.9.99-dev1 tag (#7347)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    This implementation must not be used in production.
    It is meant to be used only for debugging purposes.

> * Updated :ref:`Zigbee shell library <lib_zigbee_shell>`. For details, see `Libraries for Zigbee`_.

Reviewer: Two lines.

Author: fixed

* Added:

   * Support for :ref:`Bosch Software Environmental Cluster (BSEC) library <bosch_software_environmental_cluster_library>` driver.
   * Support for Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) readings retrieved from the BME680 sensor on Thingy:91. For more information, see the :ref:`asset_tracker_v2_sensor_module`.
   * Support for QEMU x86 emulation.

* Updated:

  * For nRF Cloud builds, the configuration section in the shadow is now initialized during the cloud connection process.
  * Allow the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library to handle modem FOTA updates if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_FOTA` is enabled.

nRF9160: Serial LTE modem
-------------------------

* Added:

  * #XDFUGET and #XDFURUN AT commands to support the cloud-to-nRF52 DFU service.

* Updated:

  * Enhanced the #XHTTPCREQ AT command for better HTTP upload and download support.
  * Enhanced the #XSLEEP AT command to support data indication when idle.
  * Enhanced the MQTT client to support the reception of large PUBLISH payloads.

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Added:

>   * Documentation for selective HID report subscription in :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state` using :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_SELECTIVE_REPORT_SUBSCRIPTION <config_desktop_app_options>` option.

Reviewer: I don't think we should have one-line entries to a section broken down like this. This is just adding unnecessary empty lines to the doc.

Author: Discussed with @greg-fer and  @FrancescoSer. Changed all such instances to one-line entries.

* Added:

  * Support for :ref:`Bosch Software Environmental Cluster (BSEC) library <bosch_software_environmental_cluster_library>` driver.
  * Support for Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) readings retrieved from the BME680 sensor on Thingy:91. For more information, see the :ref:`asset_tracker_v2_sensor_module`.
  * Support for QEMU x86 emulation.

* Updated:

  * For nRF Cloud builds, the configuration section in the shadow is now initialized during the cloud connection process.
  * Allow the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library to handle modem FOTA updates if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_FOTA` is enabled.

nRF9160: Serial LTE modem
-------------------------

* Added:

>   * #XDFUGET and #XDFURUN AT commands to support the cloud-to-nRF52 DFU service.

Reviewer: I think the command names should go in code ticks, as on the application doc pages, no?

Author: Fixed

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

* Added :ref:`peripheral_ams_client` sample.

* Updated:

  * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample:

    * Updated:

>       * The front-end module test parameters are not set to their default value after the DTM reset command.

Reviewer: This entry sounds a bit weird alone, not to mention with "Updated" in front of them... Maybe:
```suggestion
      * The front-end module test parameters are not set to their default value after the DTM reset command anymore.
```

Author: Updated

      * Added the vendor-specific ``FEM_DEFAULT_PARAMS_SET`` command for restoring the default front-end module parameters.

    * Fixed handling of the disable Constant Tone Extension command.

  * :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample:

    * Increased the main stack size from 1024 to 1536 bytes.
    * Increased the stack size of the nRF RPC threads from 1024 to 1280 bytes.

Bluetooth mesh samples
----------------------

* Updated:

  * All samples to use the Partition Manager, replacing the use of the Device Tree Source flash partitions.
  * :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_server` sample:

>     * Updated definitions for sensor callbacks to include the :c:struct:`bt_mesh_sensor_srv` context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Definitions for sensor callbacks now include the :c:struct:`bt_mesh_sensor_srv` context.
```

Author: Fixed

  * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample:

    * Updated:

      * The front-end module test parameters are not set to their default value after the DTM reset command.
      * Added the vendor-specific ``FEM_DEFAULT_PARAMS_SET`` command for restoring the default front-end module parameters.

    * Fixed:

      * Handling of the disable Constant Tone Extension command.

  * :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` sample:

    * Increased the main stack size from 1024 to 1536 bytes.
    * Increased the stack size of the nRF RPC threads from 1024 to 1280 bytes.

Bluetooth mesh samples
----------------------

* Updated:

  * All samples to use the Partition Manager, replacing the use of the Device Tree Source flash partitions.
  * :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_server` sample:

>     * Updated definitions for sensor callbacks to include the :c:struct:`bt_mesh_sensor_srv` context.

Reviewer: I would rather follow the style from https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/releases/release-notes-1.8.0.html#bluetooth-mesh-samples and have just one line for 154 and 156.

Author: I shall update this if required after our discussion.

>       Before this fix, the Rx buffer might have been released twice by the main thread.

Reviewer: RX buffer?

Author: changed

      * Support for using :ref:`location_assistance` with Coiote LwM2M server.
      * Guidelines on :ref:`setting up the sample for production <lwm2m_client_provisioning>` using AVSystem’s Coiote Device Management server.
      * :ref:`state_diagram` to the sample documentation.

    * Updated:

      * Reworked the retry logic so that the sample can fall back to bootstrap mode and need not always restart the LTE connection.
      * Replaced the deprecated GPS-driver with the new GNSS interface.

  * :ref:`download_sample` sample:

    * Updated the default HTTPS URL and certificate due to the old link being broken.

OpenThread samples
------------------

* Updated:

  * Thread 1.2 version made the default configuration option.
  * Thread Beacon payload has been removed after changes in latest Thread Specification.
  * The relevant sample documentation pages with information about support for :ref:`Trusted Firmware-M <ug_tfm>`.
  * All sample documentation with a Configuration section, and organized relevant information under that section.

Matter samples
--------------

* Added:

  * Release configuration for all samples.

>   * OTA DFU support for template application.

Reviewer: This should go into a subsection dedicated to the template sample for Matter.
(:ref:`matter_template_sample` sample: Added OTA DFU support.)

Author: Fixed

    * Skip NDEF content printing when message parsing returns an error.

OpenThread samples
------------------

* Updated:

  * The relevant sample documentation pages with information about support for :ref:`Trusted Firmware-M <ug_tfm>`.
  * :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample:

    * Added:

      * :file:`prj_thread_1_2.conf` to support Thread v1.2 build for the nRF52 and nRF53 Series devices.
      * Child image configuration files for network core builds for Thread v1.2 build.

>   * All sample documentation with a Configuration section, and organized relevant information under that section.

Reviewer: I think we're making this too complicated with these "Added", "Updated" and so on embedded under other "Added", "Updated". "Added" was originally meant as adding a new functionality. If something that we already have is being extended with new features, I don't think it makes sense to list this addition as "Added" -- it's just a plain update to the implemented feature.

Put simple: It is just harder to read the changelog with so many "Added" and "Updated" embedded in one another.

Also, single entries do not need list formatting. We removed single bullet point entries from elsewhere in the docs, so I don't see why we shouldn't be consistent about this in the changelog.

Author: Discussed with  @greg-fer. Retaining the changes for now, will follow up with more changes if needed after a discussion later.

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`library <libraries>`.

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

> * Added:
> 
>   * :ref:`ams_client_readme` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :ref:`ams_client_readme` library.
```

Author: Changed

> * Updated:

Reviewer: Remove this line. The idea is to have section for library type (Bluetooth library and services) and bullet point for each library changed, with changes listed under this library bullet point. This way, we mirror section/page hierarchy of the docset.

Reviewer: This is of course global change.

  * :ref:`gatt_dm_readme` library:

    * Added option to discover several service instances using the UUID.
    * Fixed discovery of empty services.

  * :ref:`bt_mesh` library:

    * Added:

      * :c:struct:`bt_mesh_sensor_srv` context to the following API and callbacks:

        * :c:func:`sensor_column_encode` API.
        * :c:member:`get` and :c:member:`set` callbacks in :c:struct:`bt_mesh_sensor_setting`.
        * :c:member:`get` callback in :c:struct:`bt_mesh_sensor_series`.
        * :c:member:`get` callback in :c:struct:`bt_mesh_sensor`.

>       * Shell commands for client models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

      * Shell commands for client models.
```

Author: Fixed in RST.

  * :ref:`lib_location` library:

    * Added:

      * Support for P-GPS data retrieval from an external source, implemented separately by the application.
        Enabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOCATION_METHOD_GNSS_PGPS_EXTERNAL` option.
        The library triggers a :c:enum:`LOCATION_EVT_GNSS_PREDICTION_REQUEST` event when assistance is needed.

>       * A new feature, obstructed satellite visibility detection for GNSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Obstructed satellite visibility detection feature for GNSS.
```
Or "A new feature: obstructed...". But I think the suggestion might be better, as it is in the Added section, so it is somewhat obvious we're talking about a new feature.

Author: Fixed

        The timestamp comes from the moment of scanning or neighbor measurements.
      * Removed dependency on the :ref:`lib_modem_jwt` library.
        The :ref:`lib_location` library now selects :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST_AUTOGEN_JWT` when using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST`.

  * :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` library:

    * Added:

      * :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem initialization.
      * :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_SHUTDOWN` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem de-initialization.
      * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_LOG_FW_VERSION_UUID` to enable logging for both FW version and UUID at the end of the library initialization step.

    * Deprecated :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait` function, in favor of :c:macro:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_ON_INIT`.

  * :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

    * Added:

      * :c:macro:`LTE_LC_ON_CFUN` macro for compile-time registration of callbacks on modem functional mode changes using :c:func:`lte_lc_func_mode_set`.
      * Support for simple shell commands.

* Removed the deprecated A-GPS library.

Libraries for networking

> ------------------------

Reviewer: Edit to line 416: I think "Changes to" can be cut from that line, as "Updated changes to" sounds weird.

Author: Fixed

    * Updated:

      * During the connection process, shadow data is sent to the application even if no ``"config"`` section is present.
      * The application can now send shadow updates earlier in the connection process.
      * nRF Cloud error message responses to location service MQTT requests are now handled.

    * Fixed the validation of bootloader FOTA updates.

  * :ref:`lib_aws_iot` library:

    * Updated:

      * Renamed ``aws_iot_topic_type`` to ``aws_iot_shadow_topic_type`` and removed ``AWS_IOT_SHADOW_TOPIC_UNKNOWN``.

  * :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils` library:

    * Updated the library to store credentials and server settings permanently on bootstrap.
    * Added support for using location assistance when using Coiote LwM2M server.

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

* Updated:

  * :ref:`nfc_ndef_parser_readme`:

    * Updated:

      * :c:func:`nfc_ndef_msg_parse` - fixed declaration, added an assertion to avoid a potential usage fault and added a note in the function documentation.

>       * Renamed the :c:macro:`NFC_NDEF_PARSER_REQUIRED_MEM` macro.

Reviewer: Can't get the impression that this looks like unnecessary duplication from my head. :/

Author: As discussed offline, changing to 'NFC_NDEF_PARSER_REQUIRED_MEMO_SIZE_CALC macro has been renamed to NFC_NDEF_PARSER_REQUIRED_MEM.'

    * Updated:

>       * During the connection process, shadow data is sent to the application even if no ``"config"`` section is present.

Author: Fixed

      * The application can now send shadow updates earlier in the connection process.
      * nRF Cloud error message responses to location service MQTT requests are now handled.

    * Fixed the validation of bootloader FOTA updates.

  * :ref:`lib_aws_iot` library:

    * Updated:

      * Renamed ``aws_iot_topic_type`` to ``aws_iot_shadow_topic_type`` and removed ``AWS_IOT_SHADOW_TOPIC_UNKNOWN``.

  * :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils` library:

    * Added support for using location assistance when using Coiote LwM2M server.
    * Updated the library to store credentials and server settings permanently on bootstrap.

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

* Updated:

  * :ref:`nfc_ndef_parser_readme`:

    * Updated:

>       * :c:func:`nfc_ndef_msg_parse` - fixed declaration, added an assertion to avoid a potential usage fault and added a note in the function documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * :c:func:`nfc_ndef_msg_parse` with a fix to declaration, a new assertion to avoid a potential usage fault, and a note in the function documentation.
```

Author: fixed

Trusted Firmware-M
==================

* Fixed the NCSDK-14015 known issue that would cause crash during boot when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_RPMSG_SERVICE` Kconfig option is enabled on the nRF5340 SoC.

cJSON
=====

*  Fixed an issue with floats in the cJSON module when using NEWLIB_LIBC without the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NEWLIB_LIBC_FLOAT_PRINTF` Kconfig option.

Documentation
=============

* Added:

  * Documentation for :ref:`debugging of nRF5340 <debugging>` in :ref:`working with nRF5340 DK<ug_nrf5340>` user guide.
  * Section describing how to enable Amazon Frustration-Free Setup (FFS) support in :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_device_identification`.
  * Notes to the :ref:`bluetooth_central_dfu_smp` sample document specifying the intended use of the sample.
  * DevAcademy links to the :ref:`index` and :ref:`getting_started` pages.

* Updated:

>   * Outdated protocol architecture diagram on the :ref:`ug_matter_architecture` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Protocol architecture diagram on the :ref:`ug_matter_architecture` page.
```
